PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which we, CargoLink Vietnam Interconnection Joint Stock Company, a company established in Vietnam, having business address at 6th Floor, Building 46 Vuong Thua Vu Street, Khuong Trung Ward, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi, Vietnam (“CargoLink”), collect, hold, use, share and protect information about individual persons who visit the CargoLink Platform located at https://cargolink.vn (“the Platform”) and the associated mobile applications (“Mobile App”) and how you can access your information and decide how it is used. The Platform and Mobile App hereinafter is collectively referred to as the “System”.
CargoLink provides a service for matching and executing requirements of shippers and carriers through the System (“the Service”). This Privacy Policy covers our activities online on any our websites, such as the System. It also covers our offline activities, such as collection of information through telephone, or in person.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU HEREBY WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN, INCLUDING OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, AVAILABLE HERE, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HERE IN BY REFERENCE. YOU FURTHER WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE GIVING CARGOLINK PERMISSION TO COLLECT, STORE, USE AND SHARE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SYSTEM MAY BE PERIODICALLY CHANGED, MODIFIED, ADDED OR REMOVED OR OTHERWISE UPDATED THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT SOLE CARGOLINK’S DISCRETION, WITHOUT PRIOR NOTIFICATION. However, we will always handle your Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy that was in effect at the time of collection. It is our intention to post changes to our Privacy Policy on this System so that you are fully informed concerning the types of information we are gathering, how we use it, and under what circumstances it may be disclosed. Our Privacy Policy is located on our Platform homepage. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use any of our Service or give us any of your information. A user of the Service is hereinafter referred to as a “User,” or collectively, the “Users.”
1.	Links to other sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to this website, and not to websites owned by third parties. We may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to our visitors. We aim to ensure that such websites are of the highest standard. However, due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the privacy standards of websites to which we link or be responsible for the contents of sites other than this one, and this Privacy Policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked or non-CargoLink’s website. Please review the Article 17 of our Terms of Service for more information.
2.	Pledge on privacy of personal data
Visiting our Platform’s homepage does not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, using the Service requires you to provide us with Personal Data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and to use the Service.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term “Personal Data” means information about you, from which you are identifiable, including but not limited to your and/or your organization’s name, identification card number, birth certificate number, passport number, nationality, address, telephone number (including to use to call or text you in order to provide the service), credit or debit card details, race, gender, date of birth, email address, business registration certificate and any other information about you and/or your organization which you have provided to CargoLink in registration forms, forms required for using the Service or any other similar forms and/or any information about you that has been or may be collected, stored, used and processed by CargoLink from time to time and includes sensitive personal data such as data relating to health, religious or other similar beliefs. CargoLink may also collect device data (such as your IMEI number and the names of the apps you have installed on your device) for the purpose of fraud prevention measures. In the case of carriers, further information is required for using the Services, including, but not limited to, your vehicle’s plate number, vehicle registration certificate, vehicle inspection certificate, vehicle roadworthy certificate, certificates of insurance, your driver Personal Data, driver’s driving licence and any other information required for using the Service. Generally, we will only process your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we reserve the right, to conduct additional processing to the extent permitted or required by law, or in support of any legal or criminal investigation.
3.	Usage information.
We may use technologies that collect and store certain data about the use of the Service on an aggregate and/or anonymous basis. This information may be non-identifying or may be associated with you. Whenever we associate usage information with your personal information, we will treat it as personal information. In addition, tracking information is collected as you navigate through our Service, such as geographic areas. Vehicles with shipments being transported through the Service are tracked via GPS coordinates sent to our servers. We collect this information for various purposes, including to provide you with support, to notify carriers as soon as shipments are available nearby, to keep consignees informed of arrival times, to help dispatchers or shippers know where drivers are headed, to enhance our Service, and for our internal business purposes.
4.	IP address.
CargoLink and/or third parties with whom CargoLink has contracted to provide services may collect your Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”), which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the System, along with the time of your visit(s) and the pages you visited. We use IP Addresses to monitor locations from which Users navigate the Site and for fraud prevention.
5.	Cookies and other technologies.
Like many websites, we may use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a data file placed on a device when it is used to access the Services. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. Cookies and Flash Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, but not limited to, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our System. Cookies work by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning website.
We may utilize persistent cookies that only CargoLink can read and use to save your login information for future logins, to hold session information, and to track user preferences. We may utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the System and to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Service. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser, while persistent cookies remain. If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. Cookies can be disabled by setting a preference within your web browser or on your device. If you disable cookies or Flash cookies on your device, you may not be able to use all portions or all functionalities of the Service.
We and our service providers may also use “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs,” or similar means in connection with the Service and HTML formatted email. Web beacons or similar technologies help us better manage content on our Services by informing us what content is effective, count users of the Services, monitor how users navigate the Services, or count how many emails were actually opened.
6.	Financial information.
By using of the Service, you may be required to provide us with financial information, including billing name, address and credit card number, bank name, bank account, etc. (“Financial Information”).
Only authorized CargoLink’s personnel have access to your Financial Information in its entirety. Other staff may have access to portions of this information if it pertains to their job duties. We use Financial Information solely as authorized and/or provided by you in accordance with the Service.
7.	Use of personal data
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with an enhanced experience when using the Services.
We use and process your Personal Data for, without limitation, the following general purposes (the “Purpose”):
-	To process your registration with the Service, including verifying your information is active and valid;
-	To enforce our Terms of Service Agreement;
-	To provide you with the Service pursuant to the Terms of Service Agreement;
-	To provide, operate, maintain, and enhance our products and the Service;
-	To facilitate or enable any checks, approval as may be required pursuant to the Terms Service;
-	To communicate with you for any of the purposes relating to your use of the Service;
-	To respond to questions, comments and feedback from you;
-	To provide you with information, administrative notices and communications relevant to your use our products and services;
-	To contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement, defamation issues or privacy violations related to user content, or to send communications, updates, and promotions related to products and services;
-	To process any refunds, rebates and or charges pursuant to the Terms of Service;
-	To analyze Site usage, improve our products and the Service, and develop new products, services, features and functionality;
-	To conduct market research about the Service, and/or usage or Users of the Service, including in order to market the Service;
-	To help diagnose problems with our computer server, and to administer our System;
-	To share your Personal Data amongst the companies within the CargoLink’s group of companies comprising the subsidiaries, associate companies and or jointly controlled entities of the holding company of the group (the “Group”) and with the CargoLink’s and the Group’s agents, third party providers, developers, advertisers, partners, event companies or sponsors who may communicate with you for any reasons whatsoever.
-	In the case of cookies and automatically-collected information, to personalize or customize our Service (for example, with auto-population of sign-in fields), provide customized content and information, track your participation in any activities on the Service, and in the case of carriers and shippers, to track the location of shipments transported through the Service;
-	For distribution to carriers providing services through the System or shippers receiving services through the System;
-	For purposes of detection, prevention and prosecution of crime;
-	For the CargoLink to comply with its obligations under applicable laws;
-	For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy;
-	For billing, identification and authentication, and fraud prevention;
-	For internal business purposes such as auditing, data analysis, database records;
-	For troubleshooting problems, market research, and detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity; and
-	Otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not consent to us processing your Personal Data for any of the Purposes, please notify us immediately using the support contact details as provided in the Platform.
8.	Non-disclosure of personal data
We do not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your Personal Data to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy or unless you consent to such sharing at the time you provide your Personal Information.
You understand and agree that we may disclose information to third parties in the following circumstances:
-	Any information you include in a publicly accessible area of the Service, such as a public profile page, will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users.
-	Third party carriers provide services through the System, and third party shippers receive services through the System. We may provide these carriers and shippers with access to user information, including Personal Information, only as necessary to carry out or receive the services being provided. These parties are bound by privacy restrictions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Privacy policy.
-	Third party service providers work on the System, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to and/or process your information, including Personal Information, in connection with providing these services. Such third party providers agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
-	We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as aggregated user statistics and log data, with third parties for business purposes.
-	Should we need to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law, we may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information (including Personal Information) if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies, or to protect the safety, rights and property of the CargoLink and/or its Licensor (s), our Services or any third party or other legal investigation or proceeding here or abroad. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
-	User information, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and/or transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
-	We also may disclose your information as may be described to you at the time the information is collected, or in any other manner to which you consent.
Although we ensure that our third party agents receiving your Personal Information are bound by privacy restrictions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Privacy Policy, CargoLink is not responsible for any issues that may arise regarding privacy policies of any such third parties. By using this System, you do hereby agree to hold CargoLink harmless from any claims and/or damages that may arise from the actions of any third parties.
We reserves the right to disclose Personal Information from both private and public areas of this System at our discretion, if required by law, in order to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process or if we are given reason to believe, in our sole discretion, that someone is causing injury to or interference with the rights of Users, the general public, or CargoLink.
We reserves the right to transfer, sell and/or distribute all information collected through the Service to the Group, or third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets or stock. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the new entity follows this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, as and to the extent required by applicable law.
If you provide CargoLink any feedback, suggestions, bug reports, system errors, and other information or ideas regarding the Service (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to CargoLink all rights in the Feedback and agree that CargoLink shall have the right to use such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Without limiting the foregoing, this assignment of rights applies to any testimonials you provide, and you hereby also grant CargoLink the right to use your name in connection with sharing such testimonials with the public. CargoLink will treat any Feedback you provide to CargoLink as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to CargoLink any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. If you agree to participate in any case studies, you agree that information you provide in connection with the case study is deemed Feedback and that CargoLink may use your name in connection with such Feedback.
9.	Right of access, correction and objection
Whenever we process Personal Data, we take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to date for the purposes for which it was collected. We will provide you with the ability to object to the processing of your Personal Data if such processing is not reasonably required for a legitimate business purpose as described in this policy or our compliance with law. In the case of electronic direct marketing, we will provide you with a method to opt out of receiving further marketing materials or with a method to opt in if required by law. If you wish to contact us regarding our use of your Personal Data or object to the processing of your Personal Data, please email us at support email address posted on the Platform.
You may decline to share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service.
You may opt-out of receiving email campaigns from us by unsubscribing from such emails. You may also remove your information from our database by contacting us via support email address posted on the Platform. If you receive unsolicited email from a CargoLink domain, please contact us to unsubscribe by emailing our support email address posted on the Platform. If you wish to update or delete any Personal Data, you may do it your own on the System or contact us at the support email address
Note that while changes you make will be updated in user databases within a reasonable period of time, to preserve the integrity of our databases, we may retain information submitted by Users for an indefinite length of time. If required by law, we will delete Personal Information by erasing it from our database.
10.	Security and confidentiality of collected information
Your CargoLink account is password-protected so that only you and authorized CargoLink staff have access to your account information. In order to maintain this protection, do not give your password to anyone. Further, if someone who represents to you they are CargoLink staff and asks for any personal account information, including password, check their URL to confirm it is a CargoLink email address. Finally, if you share a computer, you should sign out of your CargoLink account and close the browser window before someone else logs on.
Only certain authorized CargoLink staff can access Personal Information, and then only if it is relevant to their job duties. We utilize industry standard firewall, password protection and safeguards to create and improve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. However, unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
While CargoLink will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of all credit card and all other personal information, we expressly disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal and/or financial information stored therein, and you agree to hold CargoLink harmless for any damages that may result therefrom. CargoLink expressly disclaims any liability that may arise should any other individuals obtain the information you submit to the System.
11.	International use
The Service is hosted in Vietnam and is intended for visitors located in Vietnam. If you use the Service from other regions of the world with different governing laws, please note that you are transferring your personal information from those regions to Vietnam for storage and processing. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Service, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
12.	Notification of changes
Cargo Ling’s Privacy Policy is periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes. If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will make it available through the Service. CargoLink will endeavor to notify you of these changes by email, but will not be liable for any failure to do so. CargoLink also encourages you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you do not understand any of the terms or conditions of any of this Privacy Policy, or if you have any technical problems, questions or if you would like to make any recommendations or comments to improve the quality of our Privacy Policy, you may inquire regarding the same our support email address.

CARGOLINK VIETNAM INTERCONNECTION JOINT STOCK COMPANY
6th Floor, Building 46 Vuong Thua Vu Street
Khuong Trung Ward, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi, Vietnam
